hello and welcome to knowledge bar my
name is Jerry I'm gonna be your
knowledge expertise going over to
features functions and benefits of the
brand-new Hewlett Packard top shot
laserjet pro m2 75 laser printer this
poll is in the category of goofy cool
here's the deal with this right off the
bat this is not a carrying handle this
is an 8 megapixel camera it has LED
illumination and the whole idea behind
this is that you go ahead and you can
take a 3d object it's something like I'm
going to take this remote control and
I'm going to set it up on top here and I
go ahead and I want to make a copy now
and I let's go ahead touch this button
here tell them I want to make a color
copy the camera takes pictures multiple
multiple illuminated pictures from three
different angles stitches it all
together runs through the colored laser
printer and gives us a color print of
this object so no more of this I need to
take a quick picture of something inside
my flatbed scanner and I take my object
and I can try and close the lid and
never looks right this one here this is
this eliminates a whole need of having
to have a little light source box and a
camera on a tripod you just pump it
inside here and out it pops eventually
because inside in here this is a
modification of it earlier a color laser
printer I went over to where the
cartridges are in a ferris wheel
arrangement this act cool or what now of
course has a laser printer and have all
the other fundamentals
old 150 sheets in the feed takes fifty
out Ethernet USB and wireless no
straight paper path and doesn't have a
place here to a clear dance but the
whole idea is let's say you've got stuff
for for eBay auctions so you go ahead
and you know rather than taking those
little Hummel figurines and force them
on that flatbed scanner you put them on
here it'll be properly illuminated and
you'll be able to rather than print them
out through the photocopy feature you
would scan those in and you post those
to your eBay auction page so and and
amazingly enough this whole device and
this folds down when you don't want to
stick up all the time I would recommend
you to put something to cover it keep
the top clean three ninety nine ninety
nine that's right four hundred bucks for
this stuff for this assembly so it's a
it's pretty mean you know people also do
regular paper uh scanning as well you
just go ahead and you just set your uh
your paper up on top and it will take a
picture of that you know but if you got
this is really curled up piece of paper
you're gonna have to flatten it out
somehow with an iron or something
because there's no there's no lid you
know you don't close the lid you leave
leave you can't grow up in the position
it'll take a picture whatever you have
you know just it's just a goofy cool up
you know set up here and an easy way to
be able to take a color uh color
pictures on the fly of a
three-dimensional objects thanks for
watching